## Defunctionalization with dependent types

We provide a portable standalone implementation of the defunctionalization translation of §3, 
written in OCaml and compiled to run in a web browser using `js_of_ocaml`. 
The implementation performs type checking of CC (§3.1) and DCC (§3.2) terms, 
abstract defunctionalization (§3.3) and backwards translation from DCC to CC (§3.5), 
allowing the interested reader to experiment with the effects of the translation on real
examples. We include several ready-made examples, including dependent composition, 
dependent pairs and finite sets.

## Getting started guide

Open `index.html` in a web browser. Then, you can use the following steps
to familiarize yourself with the implementation's functionalities.

1. Click on the *Identity application* example to load it into the source-language part (left column)of the webpage.
This example is about the polymorphic identity function `λA:U0.λx:A.x` in CC,
applied to the `Unit` type then to the unit term `()`.
2. Click "Check context" to check if the source-language context 
(in this case, the empty context) is well-formed. 
The output textbox should turn green and show "Context OK".
3. Click "Infer type" to automatically infer the type of the source-language term `(\A:U0.\x:A.x) Unit ()`. 
The output textbox should show `Unit`.
4. Click "Type check" to see if the inferred type is correct. The output textbox should turn green.
5. Click "Normalize" to normalize the term and the result should be `()`. Then, click "Back" to resume.
6. Click "Transform to DCC" to perform the defunctionalization transformation.
The target-language part (right column) should show the resulting label context,
type context, term, and type in target language.
7. Click "Type check" in the target-language part to check if the transformed term
is still well-typed. Also, click "Normalize" to see if the transformed term still reduces to unit `()` .

Apart from the examples, you can also write your own terms in the source and the target language, then normalize/type-check/transform them. 
You can find a short tutorial on the syntax of both languages at the bottom of the webpage or in the next section.

## Step-by-Step Instructions

### Syntax

### Type checking

### Transformation

> The Step by Step Instructions explain how to reproduce any experiments or other activities that support the conclusions in your paper. 

> Write this for readers who have a deep interest in your work and are studying it to improve it or compare against it. If your artifact runs for more than a few minutes, point this out and explain how to run it on smaller inputs.

> Where appropriate, include descriptions of and links to files (included in the archive) that represent expected outputs (e.g., the log files expected to be generated by your tool on the given inputs); if there are warnings that are safe to be ignored, explain which ones they are.








